That's where generic programming comes in.
You have a bunch of classes,
you don't want to organize them in a hierarchy.
What you want to say is,
this algorithm works for anything that you can draw.
So you don't want to build a hierarchy so that
you can have in the interface at all function.
You just say that anything that you can draw you can use with this algorithm,
and so you get parameterization.
You have an algorithm that's parameterized with the element types,
and it will work provided the element type has the required properties,
like draw and rotate.
So, the hierarchy disappears, the inheritance disappears,
but the ability to operate on anything that has the right interface stays.
That's where C++ languages have moved to a more generic style of coding.